<Button/> - improve and tweak documentation (#2880)
wix/wix-style-react: src/Button/README.TESTKIT.md

## Button TestKit API

| method                                | arguments | returned value | description                        |
| ------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- | ---------------------------------- |

> | async => await exists()               | -         | boolean        | returns true if element in the DOM |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| exists               | -         | Promise<boolean>        | Returns a promise that will be resolved with true if the element in the DOM |
```
